the kraken is a colossal squid
a legendary sea monster the biggest hunk
of calamari you ever saw
and if this monster had existed the
world would have changed beyond
recognition
the kraken has powerful tentacles solid
muscles with suckers at the end
they're just impossible to escape the
cracking can break a ship in half
or just pull it down into the depths but
the worst thing about the kraken is its
size
according to old sailor stories the
kraken reached 5000 feet in length
that's almost 10 soccer fields hey maybe
the kraken could play soccer
the kraken legend said the monster was
so giant
that sailors mistook it for a small
island in past centuries
it would have been impossible to defeat
such a beast
if the kraken existed in reality it
might have had
offspring yeah in all the world's oceans
there would be giant monsters that could
sink any ship
it's unlikely that the kraken would have
competitors in its habitat
so its population would grow strongly
since the kraken is enormous
it would need lots of food so the
population of
other large sea animals would fall
significantly
blue whales great white sharks other
giant squids
all the big sea creatures would be
endangered
many people are starving because of the
reduction of large fish in the ocean
urban economies that rely on fishing
will be in decline
prices for small fish around the world
are getting more expensive
because it's unsafe to fish to defeat
the kraken
you need powerful weapons but the
monster is tough to catch
the kraken belongs to the cephalopod
genus this species includes squid
and octopus some of the most intelligent
creatures on the planet
the kraken is a skilled hunter and will
never fight in the open
so what can you do you can't track the
kraken because it approaches from the
depths not the surface
though you may be able to tell that the
monster is somewhere nearby
if a lot of fish surface when the kraken
swims
it scares all the fish in the vicinity
but it might already be too late
a huge tentacle emerges from the water
resembling
a high tower this tower falls on the
deck of the ship
shattering it the sailors scream and run
the kraken lands a second blow and the
vessel is almost capsized
next the kraken wraps its giant
tentacles around the ship
and pulls it to the bottom oh boy
what if the sailors managed to detach
the ship from the tentacles of this
monster
with the help of powerful weapons the
ship's crew strikes back
the kraken retreats under the water it's
hurt
angry it seems the battle is over but
here comes the worst
a whirlpool forms beside the ship thanks
to its considerable weight
when the kraken dives it creates a
whirlpool behind it
like a drain in a giant bathtub this
whirlpool
sucks the ship down the battle with the
kraken
is lost well that was unfortunate
you might be able to defeat the monster
if you can anticipate its attack in
advance
but the kraken can see you and your ship
before you can see it
colossal squids live in deep waters and
they have the largest eyes among all
animals
the squid's eye is the size of a dinner
plate thanks to this they can see their
prey from far away
similarly a kraken would spot the ship
much sooner than sonar could pick up the
kraken
it would always have the drop on you
well that's not good
around the world cargo transportation by
ship is declining
airlines provide the only safe
connection between the continents
this will increase air pollution the
most successful
enemy of the kraken is submarines they
travel at great depths and are equipped
with powerful echolocators
to help detect the kraken in advance
subs are well
armed too and the round metal body is
not so easy to destroy
a single kraken may be defeated by a
submarine but what if there are
several sea monsters three kraken can
wrap their tentacles around the
submarine
and drag it deeper into the water where
the pressure will destroy their enemy
in other words they'll have a crush on
[Music]
you
the existence of the kraken will have
dramatically changed the development of
many countries
what if christopher columbus on his
famous journey
noticed an island that he thought was
the new world
he approaches it but tentacles emerge
from the island and sink columbus's ship
the colonization of north america is
delayed maybe until airplanes are
invented
and the first crude flight wasn't until
the 20th century
there would be no hollywood there would
be no hamburgers no famous american
music playing
there wouldn't be youtube which means
you wouldn't be watching this video
right now
worst of all the internet wouldn't exist
either and all this
because of one stupid monster squid the
vikings wouldn't sail on their long
ships to raid and settle foreign
territories
the history of norway sweden finland and
other nordic countries would have
changed drastically
hey maybe the titanic wouldn't have hit
an iceberg but a giant sea monster
instead
though it's unlikely that people would
take trips on huge ocean liners
in a world where the kraken exists maybe
though the kraken isn't all that
aggressive
still they need a lot of food and
because of the growing population of
these monsters
there will be much less food in the
ocean therefore the kraken will
increasingly come to the surface for
hunting
in the future the kraken will migrate
closer to the shore
in many countries people then are not
allowed to swim in the ocean
imagine floating on the waves and a
monster the size of a skyscraper
is swimming right below you relaxing at
sea
and on the beach will no longer be
popular many countries that live off
tourism become impoverished
when the krakens grow hungrier they try
to capture prey from land
a huge squid could attack small port
cities houses
docks streets everything can be crushed
a tremendous amount of plastic is thrown
into the ocean near the coasts of large
countries
billions of tons of plastic will bother
the kraken
an angry hungry monster can attack
bridges like the golden gate bridge
imagine that a huge squid surrounds the
bridge and blocks all traffic
some of these squids could break the
strong cables with their power
and the entire structure would collapse
into the water
it's good that the kraken doesn't really
exist to swim in our seas and oceans
at least as far as we know but could the
monster have actually existed
legends stretched back years but
scientific evidence appeared in the
middle of the 19th century
in 1857 a three-inch diameter squid beat
was discovered on the coast of denmark
other huge squid remains were found in
the bahamas
and then scientists were convinced that
gigantic squids
existed while colossal squid has been
officially discovered since then
it's been more than a hundred years and
we still don't know what max size they
can grow to
the fact is colossal squids are one of
the most elusive creatures on earth
they live in the depths of the ocean
where it's challenging for scientists to
reach
any dive to a greater depth requires
powerful
bulky equipment underwater bath escapes
and cameras make a lot of noise and
light
which squids notice from afar they flee
before we can see them
the legend of the kraken probably
appeared because of a real colossal
squid
people in the past didn't know about
these creatures existence
so when they saw one for the first time
they described it as a massive
terrible monster it's difficult to say
if these huge squids were the size of a
small island
because the truth is we've only studied
about five percent of the ocean
it may be that in its depths monsters
much more terrible than the kraken swim
like my nephew peter